chore: minor corrections/typos (#18524)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-pricing-billing/usage-queries-alerts.mdx

    ### Projected monthly full platform user count

>     This query shows a projected count of monthly full platform users. This query would not be good for using in a dashboard; it requires values based on the days remaining in the month, and the start of the month. Here's an example querying the projected end-of-month count with 10 days left in that month:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Here's an example of querying the projected end-of-month count of monthly full platform users with 10 days left in that month. Note that this query would not be good for using in a dashboard because it requires values based on the days remaining in the month and the start of the month. 
```

Reviewer: @brnhensley I rejiggered this in a way that made more sense to me. Is this revision accurate?

Author: I believe so

    ### Count of full platform users and basic users

>     The [billing and usage UI](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-pricing-users/pricing-billing#billing-usage-ui) shows the count of full platform users and basic users. The query used is:

Reviewer: @brnhensley nice catch!
